internal: refactor storage credentials (#1071)
edgelesssys/constellation: internal/kms/README.md

Each Plugin requires credentials to authenticate itself to a CSP.

#### AWS S3 Bucket

For authentication an access key ID and an access key secret is used.
As a fallback, the client may try to automatically fetch the data from the local AWS directory.

#### Azure Blob Storage

> Authorization for Azure Key Vault happens through the use of manged identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorization for Azure Blob Storage happens through the use of manged identities.
```

The managed identity requires the following permissions:

* `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/write` (only if a storage container is not set up in advance)
* `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write`
* `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/read`

> * `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/add/action`

Reviewer: You also need these on the storage account you are using:
- Storage Blob Data Contributor
- Storage Queue Data Contributor

Author: I'm not 100% sure about how exactly Azure IAM works, but I think `Storage Blob Data Contributor` and `Storage Queue Data Contributor` are roles that provide permissions to access storage accounts, e.g. `Data Contributor` provides the `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write` permission
